We've covered the way you will be reading the input most of the time.
There are other interesting options for starting with a body unmetered that would return true for one
as a number one as a string.
True.
True as a string.
And then on.
And yes, strings.
Next, you can use except our only methods as means for blacklisting or widely seeing certain values
from to include.
The House method is used to check if the value or values as it accepts both string and array.
Is present in input.
Warehouse allows to execute some logic if specific value is present in the input.
Now, it's useful to note that the opposite method of hahs would be the missing method, which is also
available.
Finally, there is also has any method available that checks, if any of the given values is present.
Finally, the field method, it will return a Bolian value, true, if value is present and is not empty
in the input, and then there is also one field that would execute some logic in the anonymous function
when the field condition is met.